CodeBook.md, before:

Code Book
Variables output for data cleaning project



subjectID
	character variable containing an integer 1 through 30 which represents the identity
	of one experimental subject.
	

ActivityName
    character string describing the activity which was measured. Possible values are:
 	WALKING
 	WALKING_UPSTAIRS
 	WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
 	SITTING
 	STANDING
 	LAYING

Feature
	Experimenters took measurements of  the subjects during each of the activities 
	capturing accelerometer and gyroscope 3-axial raw signals. This field is the
	description provided by the experimenters.
	
	Possible Values:
tBodyAcc-mean()-X
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z
tBodyAcc-std()-X
tBodyAcc-std()-Y
tBodyAcc-std()-Z
tGravityAcc-mean()-X
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z
tGravityAcc-std()-X
tGravityAcc-std()-Y
tGravityAcc-std()-Z
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z
tBodyGyro-mean()-X
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z
tBodyGyro-std()-X
tBodyGyro-std()-Y
tBodyGyro-std()-Z
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z
tBodyAccMag-mean()
tBodyAccMag-std()
tGravityAccMag-mean()
tGravityAccMag-std()
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()
tBodyGyroMag-mean()
tBodyGyroMag-std()
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()
fBodyAcc-mean()-X
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z
fBodyAcc-std()-X
fBodyAcc-std()-Y
fBodyAcc-std()-Z
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z
fBodyGyro-mean()-X
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z
fBodyGyro-std()-X
fBodyGyro-std()-Y
fBodyGyro-std()-Z
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z
fBodyAccMag-mean()
fBodyAccMag-std()
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()
angle(tBodyAccJerkMean),gravityMean)
angle(tBodyGyroMean,gravityMean)
angle(tBodyGyroJerkMean,gravityMean)
angle(X,gravityMean)
angle(Y,gravityMean)
angle(Z,gravityMean)

	
	Experimenters note regarding Features:
	These signals were used to estimate variables of the feature vector for each pattern:  
	'-XYZ' is used to denote 3-axial signals in the X, Y and Z directions.

tBodyAcc-XYZ
tGravityAcc-XYZ
tBodyAccJerk-XYZ
tBodyGyro-XYZ
tBodyGyroJerk-XYZ
tBodyAccMag
tGravityAccMag
tBodyAccJerkMag
tBodyGyroMag
tBodyGyroJerkMag
fBodyAcc-XYZ
fBodyAccJerk-XYZ
fBodyGyro-XYZ
fBodyAccMag
fBodyAccJerkMag
fBodyGyroMag
fBodyGyroJerkMag


Measure
The measures in this file represent the mean of all measurements taken of each feature 
in original dataset. Recall that the measurements were time dependent so these numeric 
fields are the mean of for the entire duration of the experiment.

Commit message:

Version 2
Cleaned up feature names

CodeBook.md, after:

Code Book
tidydata.txt Output from data cleaning project produced by 
write.table(ans,"tidydata.txt,row.names=FALSE) after running run_analysis.R
The file is a very wide data set consisting of columns ActivityName and Feature 
concatenated together(e.g. LAYING.TimeBodyAcc.mean.X) and rows of
30 mean observations corresponding to each of the subjects in the experiment.

subjectID
	is implicitly contained by the position of an observation. Subject 1 observations are
	found in the first numeric row of data. Subject 2 results are in the second numeric 
	row of data, etc.
	

ActivityName
    character string describing the activity which was measured. Possible values are:
 	WALKING
 	WALKING_UPSTAIRS
 	WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
 	SITTING
 	STANDING
 	LAYING

Feature
	Experimenters took measurements of  the subjects during each of the activities 
	capturing accelerometer and gyroscope 3-axial raw signals. This field is the
	description provided by the experimenters with minor modifications made by me. These 
	modifications eliminated parentheses, in some cases substituting '.' for readability.
	Additional modifications substituted 'Time' for 't' and 'Frequency' for 'f' in order
	to improve readability. 
	
	Field Values:
tBodyAcc-mean()-X
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z
tBodyAcc-std()-X
tBodyAcc-std()-Y
tBodyAcc-std()-Z
tGravityAcc-mean()-X
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z
tGravityAcc-std()-X
tGravityAcc-std()-Y
tGravityAcc-std()-Z
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z
tBodyGyro-mean()-X
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z
tBodyGyro-std()-X
tBodyGyro-std()-Y
tBodyGyro-std()-Z
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z
tBodyAccMag-mean()
tBodyAccMag-std()
tGravityAccMag-mean()
tGravityAccMag-std()
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()
tBodyGyroMag-mean()
tBodyGyroMag-std()
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()
fBodyAcc-mean()-X
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z
fBodyAcc-std()-X
fBodyAcc-std()-Y
fBodyAcc-std()-Z
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z
fBodyGyro-mean()-X
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z
fBodyGyro-std()-X
fBodyGyro-std()-Y
fBodyGyro-std()-Z
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z
fBodyAccMag-mean()
fBodyAccMag-std()
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()
angle(tBodyAccJerkMean),gravityMean)
angle(tBodyGyroMean,gravityMean)
angle(tBodyGyroJerkMean,gravityMean)
angle(X,gravityMean)
angle(Y,gravityMean)
angle(Z,gravityMean)

	
	Experimenters note regarding Features:
	These signals were used to estimate variables of the feature vector for each pattern:  
	'-XYZ' is used to denote 3-axial signals in the X, Y and Z directions.

Measure
The measures in this file represent the mean of all measurements taken of each feature 
in original dataset. Recall that the measurements were time dependent so these numeric 
fields are the mean of for the entire duration of the experiment.
